Welcome to this bonus model with angle of 4.2 and you HTP client was released.
Now I do already cover HTP in this course and the new client is only an alternative.
This is super important.
The old Kalighat which I do teach in this course is perfectly valid and you can still use it.
It's not deprecated or anything like that.
The new client is an alternative.
Behind the scenes it uses a more modern API and the most important thing probably is it supports more
advanced features than the old Klein did.
Most importantly intercessors.
Now I'll dive into these features in this module and I'll walk you through this new client and explain
how it works how you may use it and how you can replace your old code with it.
So let's get started.